Being Krishna Consciousness-

When one establish his relationship with god,Believe Krishna as the only supreme personality of godhead
and he is the servant of lord. He is Krishna Conscious.

One can establish his relationship with krishna as the same way as he establish his relationship with his loved ones by the give him
flowers, careing and always thinking of pleasing him.

Most people seek happiness in the body and its relations, but the happiness we experience in relation with family,
friends and society always ends in lamentation. Contrary to material happiness, however, 
the happiness experienced in Krishna consciousness is never interrupted by suffering, but goes on expanding forever.

Krishna Consciousness is a movement established by Srila Prabhupada reason is to take people back to godhead(golok Dham).Due to ignoring god 
in our life we are lost taking birth again and again in different wombs (such as Dog, Pig, Cat etc) due to our pious and sinful activites.

In the material world, the consciousness of the soul evolves gradually from fish, plants, insects, reptiles, birds, animals
and then to humans (including demigods, rakshasas, gandharvas etc).

There are 900,000 species of aquatic life; 2,000,000 species of plants and trees; 1,100,000 species of insects;
1,000,000 species of bird life; 3,000,000 species of beasts, and 400,000 species of human life. —Padma Purana

And then, finally, after having attained the human form of life,
the soul is given the opportunity for the the consciousness to evolve from Sraddha to Prema,
meaning an evolution from faith in God to love of God.
Obviously, to love God, one needs to know Him first.

One attains the human form of life after transmigrating through 8,400,000 species by the process of gradual evolution.
That human life is spoiled for those conceited fools who do not take shelter of the lotus feet of Govinda. --Brahma-vaivarta Purana

In Bhagvat Geta
Krishna says:

After many births and deaths, he who is actually in knowledge surrenders unto Me,
knowing Me to be the cause of all causes and all that is. 
Such a great soul is very rare. (Bg 7.19)

How to awaken Krishna Consciousness?
Simply by chanting 16 rounds of Hare Krishna Mahamantra-

Hare Krishna Hare Krishna Krishna Krishna Hare Hare
Hare Rama Hare Rama Rama Rama Hare Hare.

And following 4 regulative principle-
1. No Meat Eating
2. No illcit sex
3. No Intoxication
4. No Gambling.

That's all.

In Bhagvat Geta (Bg 18.62) it say's
Surrender exclusively unto Him with your whole being, O Bharat.
By His grace, you will attain perfect peace and the eternal abode. 